all right ladies and gentlemen do you
ESPE here live on the vest vest dream
with a second impromptu episode of DSP
tries another one that I'm doing live
people on the stream wanted me to stop
doing what I was doing to run out and go
to Starbucks and try this new item right
away so we're doing it it's the
Starbucks s'mores Frappuccino this is
the grande or medium size it has layers
of what appears to be chocolate as well
as like I guess there's like whipped
cream whipped in there okay with
obviously what's supposed to be
Frappuccino which is the ice blended
coffee drink with more whipped cream on
top and I believe that's like graham
crackers that they sprinkled on top cuz
I was honestly wondering how are you
gonna get graham cracker flavor into a
drink unless you like powder the graham
cracker I guess they're excuses we're
not even gonna try we're just gonna put
powdered graham cracker on top of the
drink so apparently the only real graham
cracker portion of this is going to be
um on top but it looks mostly like it's
whipped ice and whipped cream maybe
there's some coffee in there so I don't
know I guess we're gonna think all right
we're gonna think we're gonna see excuse
me I'm pretty tired running around today
doing all this crazy stuff for the mayor
at the event here all right let's give
it a shot it's probably about 40,000
calories probably about you know our
here we go
all I tasted and out was sugar I didn't
taste chocolate I didn't say it's whip
cream
I didn't taste graham cracker my name is
days coffee I just tasted sugar and put
this in again okay well it's that time I
tastes like like marshmallow goo and
sugar and that was it Oh
oh it's so sweet it's so sweet it's like
someone took a spoon into raw sugar and
just put it in your mouth it's like
nothing I don't taste coffee at all in
this thing I really know oh oh okay
so the straw into the chocolate what
that is it's like chocolate fudge goo
does this like chocolate serve was like
gooey like like almost like like you
know when you get a chocolate fudge
sundae hot fudge sundae it feels like
that like chocolate goo
I got a big gob of it through the straw
that time okay well I don't know about
these guys
I got several gobs of different kinds of
sugar I think I got chocolate and then I
got the marshmallow goo I don't taste
any coffee at all in this Oh
oh that's just pure sugar dude I'm
telling you there's no look look at it
now it looks like just whipped sugar
there's no coffee in that it's just pure
sugar dude it's like drinking it's worse
than an ice-cream shake at least an ice
cream shake tastes like there's milk in
it this is just like confectionary sugar
ripped and put into a cup right
Yawk that is not really good
that's the other things so much is my
best investor just said it's pure profit
margin I mean yeah this is not cheap
people wanted me during the stream to go
buy this this was like $5 $5 for this
all this is a sugar in a cup go fill a
cup with sugar do you think it cost $5
you could buy a two pound bag 5 pound 10
pound bag of sugar for like $3 this is
like $5 to the [ __ ] Cup and I swear
there's no coffee in this s'mores
Frappuccino I don't there's no coffee in
this at all Oh
I've had half of it and it doesn't taste
like coffee I give up
that is bad that is you know there's
something that Starbucks that aren't so
bad like if you go there at certain
times you should get pumpkin spice
Frappuccino that's okay you can get like
a mint flavored kind of chocolate
Frappuccino around Christmas that's
pretty decent but a lot of the [ __ ] that
they do during the year is just [ __ ]
weird like they had remember when they
had that unicorn [ __ ] Frappuccino to
have like rainbow [ __ ] sprinkles and
[ __ ] and it's like who are you peeling
to not the coffee drinkers because
there's no coffee in this I'm not gonna
get any any caffeine rush out of this so
what did I go spend $5.00 on you know I
would have rather gone to like you know
a place to actually have like authentic
milkshakes and got a thick tasty
milkshake that probably is the same
calorie count as this but also some
dairy in it rather than just whipped
sugar in a cup for five dollars
and it doesn't taste like s'mores at all
like s'mores I want chocolate I want a
strong marshmallow taste and I want some
graham cracker Doug I said you taste no
graham cracker it's only what they
sprinkled at the top is all the graham
cracker that's in this stupid thing all
you taste is sugar sugar sugar sugar you
can't even discern between the chocolate
and the marshmallow kids all just goo
anyway it's probably the same goo with
food coloring so these Starbucks s'mores
Frappuccino zero out of whatever reading
skill you want this is gross this is not
appetizing at all I'm disappointed that
I took time off on my stream to go buy
it it's a piece of [ __ ] I would drink
regular coffee I would drink
Folgers crystals you know crystallized
instant coffee before I would drink this
I would drink the leftover coffee at the
bottom of the coffee machine has been
there all day the sludge that sits there
if you root coffee all day I would drink
that before I would choose to drink this
cuz it's probably better for you than
this that's disgusting that's gross
that's seriously nasty yuck what a waste
of time that wasn't what a waste of
money
s'mores Frappuccino zero [ __ ]
yuck until next time